Create an online sales website for 'Wilshire Foods', a food produce and processed foods distribution platform that sells farms fresh food produce like sweet peppers, Habaneros, Tomatoes, Squash, and other vegetable. Also selling of Mangoes, Oranges, Plantains, Cocoa and Cassava in batches. It also sells semi and fully processed products like dried freezed mangoes, oranges, plantains and cocoa powders, cassava flakes and flour, plantain flour in small affordable packs. The app should have the feature to allow shopping by category of 'All items', 'Fruits & Vegetables', 'Frozen Foods', 'Sauces & Jams', Healthy Snacks'. There should also be a 'All Products' category to allow listing products by pagination. Each item should be displayed in a Card that contains the item name, short description like 'Plantain: Green' or 'Cassava: Flakes', a picture, price, a button with either 'Add to cart', 'Choose options' or 'Sold out', a label displaying whether 'imported' or 'farm fresh', a quantity label like ''500g/pack', 'per piece', '6pc/pack'. There should also be a 'View All' button to allow listing in a single page. There should be a 'Subscribe to emails' feature to allow sending the user's email to the company list. The cart count status should be available as the user adds items to the cart and a 'Your cart is empty' section with a 'Continue Shopping' button. Also incude the ability for the user to create an account and a log in feature for registered users to check out faster. The page should also have a search feature to get to products quickly. Use the localstorage for keeping data displayed on the page. Details to be included is that delivering is available 2 days a week on Tuesdays and Fridays only. Also add a 'Contact' feature that allows the user to complete a form with the name, email, phone number and comment. Also add a 'Privacy Policy' link that displays an appropriately detailed modal with relevant information to the user. Make this website deeply appealing with relevant pictures of produce similar to those found on high-end food restaurants websites and brochures. Use a reddish-based light colour pallete for the site.